So here I am on a simple example form just to get started.
The code responsible for it is does HMO code in the template of my app component here.
And you can find this code attached to this lecture here.
Now it's a simple form.
We're going to expand that or and haunted with some features for our this module to get started.
This is just fine.
Now we have a look at this HMO code.
You will quickly realize that on the foreign tackier I don't have the action attribute pointing to some
route.
I'm also not specifying the method attribute which typically would be post.
The reason for this is that this forum should not get submitted to a server.
I don't want a HPB request to be the result of me clicking the submit button instead.
As mentioned earlier angler's should handle this form and therefore I don't have an action on it.
This of course means that right now if I had to submit button nothing happens.
If you have a look at the refresh icon up there you see it's not spinning nothing happens because we're
not actually sending a request.
Well we will work on this but first let's understand what actually happens behind the scenes and how
angular infers such forums create such a javascript object for us as it does when using the template
driven approach.
Let's understand how we get angular to create this form object for us